no it's one today like it's Tuesday I
can't do that I should just cut out the
it's Wednesday card because if you're
watching it then you already know that
it's wednesday if I'm on your computer
screen anyway this week's topic is age
differences in relationships and if we
think it's a big significant factor or
not um from a legal point of view
obviously yeah personally I think that
just as love doesn't depend on gender I
don't think it really depends on it
either I think it's just weird for us as
a society to see to understand that
there might be love between people of
drastically different ages but
everybody's different everybody matures
differently so there might be a 16 year
old who's more mature than a 22 year old
and if you can relate with that person
then I don't see why the possibility of
love doesn't exist um yeah would be kind
of weird to see a 30 year old dating a
19 year old but it's funny because it's
only really matters when were younger
because once we get to like 40 50 or
whatever people could be like 5 10 15
years apart and no one even really
thinks twice about it and then you think
about it it's like that's weird when she
was a baby he was 15 or something like
that I don't know I don't really think
it's a huge factor personally that
doesn't mean that I would readily you
know be interested in someone that's 10
years younger than me or even 10 years
older than me but depends on the
circumstances and really age is just a
number I really believe that it doesn't
say much about you except for how long
you've lived and the amount of years
that you've been living doesn't
necessarily make you wiser or more
mature than someone else so personally I
think that age is a really big factor
except for like legally wise but yeah
love is love and that's all there is we
don't either worry so much but we do
because that's what we do best um I hope
everyone has a good week I'm just trying
to get to Friday because I'm friday i go
home for Thanksgiving even though
thanksgiving break doesn't start till
next thursday i'm taking the week off
because i really am only going to be
missing one class that's even semi
important so you know just going to take
a little vacation plus i really miss
being home so that's that um